feat(inbox): add inbox documentation (#39)
ForestAdmin/documentation-user-guide: other-tabs/collaboration/distribute-tasks-with-inboxes.md

# Distribute tasks with Inboxes

{% hint style="info" %}
You must [contact a CS](https://www.forestadmin.com/contact-us?message=Subject:%20I%20want%20to%20enable%20the%20inbox%20feature) to have access to this feature.
{% endhint %}

> The Inbox feature automatically assigns tasks among your team members based, improving the efficiency of your workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Inbox feature automatically assigns tasks among your team members, improving the efficiency of your workflows.
```

## Creating an inbox

Once the feature is enabled for your project, navigate to the Collaboration tab and enable the Edit Layout mode.

> In the left menu, find the "Inboxes" section and click "Create Inbox"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the left menu, find the "Inboxes" section and click "Create Inbox".
```

An inbox is always based on a segment of a collection. In this example, we will create an inbox based on the `Documents` collection and the `Waiting for Validation` segment, which contains all the documents that have not been verified yet.

You can then select between two dispatch rules:

- "Field based":
  - You can select up to 3 fields.
  - For each field, you can sort ascending or descending.
  - The records will be sorted by the first sorting field, in case of equality, the second sorting field is applied and so on to the third sorting field.
  - For example:
    - You can select the first sorting field to be the create date of the document, sorted descending

>     - You can select the second sorting field to be the importance (not sure for this one) of the document, sorted ascending

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - You can select the second sorting field to be the importance of the document, sorted ascending
```

>     - For two `Documents` with the same creation date, the importance will take over for the first that will be assigned

Reviewer 2: I see the point but "that will be "Random"" is a bit confusing

- "Random":
  - The `Documents` will be assigned in a random order

## Processing tickets

Once an inbox has been created, access the inbox from the "Collaboration" tab.

### Todo section

> The count near the "Todo" section represents the number of records currently in the collection segment selected for the inbox (e.g. `Waiting for Validation`) that have not yet been assigned to an operator.

Reviewer: > that have not yet been assigned to an operator.
That's not really true as ToDo task manually assigned are part of that count 😅

> In the "Todo" section of the inbox, an operator can click on the "Start processing button" to have a task automatically assigned, and being redirected on the record.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the "Todo" section of the inbox, an operator can click on the "Start processing button" to have a task automatically assigned, and being redirected to the record.
```

> The user then does what is necessary to achieve the current workflow, for example trigger a `Validate Document` action. Then the user can click the "Next ticket" button on the top of Forest Admin UI, to be assigned to a new record.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The user then does what is necessary to achieve the current workflow, for example trigger a `Validate Document` action. Then the user can click on the "Next ticket" button on the top of Forest Admin UI, to be assigned to a new record.
```

Reviewer 2: We can specify that he can also click on "Exit" to be redirected to the inboxes section

Author: Not sure it is really important to mention the exit behavior in the doc

### Doing section

> On the "Doing" section, the operator can view the tasks that are still in the segment and that are currently assigned to he or she.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the "Doing" section, the operator can view the tasks that are still in the segment and that are currently assigned to him.
```

### Backlog section

> This section is accessible for users with a Editor or Administrator role.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section is accessible for users with an Editor or Administrator role.
```

> This section is accessible for operators with a Manager, Editor or Administrator permission level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section is accessible for operators with a Manager, Editor, Developer or Administrator permission level.
```

It provides an overview of the current inbox.

> You can see all the records in the segment their current task state, and which user is assigned to it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can see all the records in the segment with their current task state, and which user is assigned to it.
```

For the "Doing" tasks, you can see the date when the task was started.

> For the "Completed" tasks, you can also see the time it took for the task to get out of the segment. If the records gets out of the segment using an action requiring an approval, it includes the approval time.

Reviewer: `to get out of the segment` is not really true. handling time seems more correct

### Manual task assignment

Assigning a task to an operator, makes this record be the next one to be assigned for this operator, bypassing the sorting rules of the inbox.

It is possible to manually assign a task to a specific operator from the [backlog](#backlog-section).

It is also possible to manually assign a task to an operator from the record view, through the native Forest Admin action "Assign to...".

> From this action, you can assign a task to operators that are not in you current team and also select the inbox. The team should have an inbox based on a segment matching the record state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From this action, you can assign a task to operators that are not in your current team and also select the inbox. The team should have an inbox based on a segment matching the record state.
```

## Inbox settings

Inbox settings are accessible from the Edit layout mode.

> You can rename and delete inboxes from the settings.

Reviewer 2: and configure options like maximum doing records per operator and duration before auto unassign

Reviewer 2: Ok I did not see the others parts. Can we have a big section with title inside ? 
Or rename this section name ?

Author: > and configure options like maximum doing records per operator and duration before auto unassign

I didn't mention these one because here I only speak about basic features not detailed later, same for the folders

Reviewer: Yes but you should specify it (for example: "and more, see below...")

### Organize your inboxes with folders

Inbox folders let you organize the way your inboxes are displayed to your operators.
In the settings, under the "Inbox folder" setting you can add the current inbox in an existing folder, or create a new folder.

### Set a number of maximum concurrent tasks per operators

> In the settings you can configure a maximum number of tasks that can be assign at the same time for an operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the settings you can configure a maximum number of tasks that can be assign at the same time to an operator.
```

> When this number is reached for an operator, when trying clicking on "Next ticket" he or she will be redirected to of the doing tasks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When this number is reached for an operator, when trying clicking on "Next ticket" he or she will be redirected to the doing tasks.
```

> When this number is reached for an operator, when trying clicking on "Next ticket" he or she will be redirected to the doing tasks.

Reviewer: he or she will be redirected to one of his doing tasks

> Tasks manually assigned from the backlog or a record ignore this behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tasks manually assigned ignore this behavior.
```

Reviewer: you should maybe put it as a warning

{% hint style="info" %}

> This setting is disabled by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting is disabled by default.
```

{% endhint %}

### Automatically unassign tasks

> You can configure a maximum time before automatically unassigning a task, making the record available for other operators

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure a maximum time before automatically unassigning a task, making the record available for other operators.
```

> You can configure a maximum time before automatically unassigning a task, making the record available for other operators.

Reviewer: You should specify it's based on the creation date on not the start date (only impact manual assignment)

{% hint style="info" %}

> This setting is disabled by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting is disabled by default.
```
